I'm on the isolation page and the official docs here and if we scroll to the very top we see this point
creating a single page application.
As a side note below that we see how we can add to an existing application which steps we have to follow
and which tools we will need.
And then it tells us how we can install these packages we need and how we can enable ESX and jazz acts
with baseball.
And that is something you will have to do to install baseball and to set up a workflow which runs your
javascript code for cable.
So I will go with the first approach which will enable us to quickly create a Riak project and that
will simply execute the steps we see here.
So first we will install a package globally on our machine just like we installed the views Seelye.
So here at the command line I'll run sudo and that's only required on Mac and Linux and B.M. install
that she'd to install it globally and then we create re-act app package create re-act app.
Now I'm prompted to enter my password and once I did enter this correctly it installs this might take
a bit longer for you because I already had it installed.
With that you should navigate into the folder where you want to create your new re-act project and then
you run create re-act app and then the name of your project which will also be the name of the folder
which gets created.
So create re-act app and now I'm going to name this re-act framework intro.
This will now create a folder with some basic set up with the dependencies you need with the workflow
the payable compiler everything you need so that you can get started building your single page re-act
app.
Now I will be back once this finishes Sodhi set up process just finished here and it also shows us the
where little commands and how to continue.
So we shall navigate into this folder next.
So I just did this and now I can run NPM start in there to start the development server which will build
our project and run it on this address here.
It should open automatically.
Here it is.
And that is the basic app.
This package created for us there.
Now in the next lecture we'll have a look at what actually did get created for us.
And then how we can work with that.
And finally how we may add the router to make this a real single page application with multiple pages.